Missing you makes you jealous
Does Yaoyao want to eat bread?
Stepmother will take you to eat bread, okay?
Okay. Here we go.
Yaoyao has eaten bread, let's go
Yaoyao, eat it
You are Yaoyao
I will compensate you for what you have paid for this family.
I quit my job.
Not only did he buy a TV for every household such as Yaoyao
The job of an announcer has become useless
It's better to sell it at a high price.
Make other plans while the policy is good now
I understand
Did you see it bro
Nian Nian came with her husband and children today
I really thought they were all like Lin Sisi
Do you miss you so much?
Father dear
Pay attention to the tone of your voice
Lin Sisi is your future sister-in-law